hey y'all welcome to get cookin off
holiday calm today
the Norwegians begin to judge today's
one of my favorite things to do and eat
and be around and that's me look and our
talents for y'all this week is to send
us your recipes in a way that you can be
like me tiny Oh meatloaf is kinda like
her I have to do the killing me though
me that was kind of like look at the
daddy do it sis just watch what this
meatloaf is kind of like yeah she's the
exact she'll at Leah's meatloaf is kind
of like a chili you can throw a lot of
stuff in the pot and you really can't go
wrong with any of your favorite flavors
that are in there today where you're
cooking out of the deep brothers this is
our new book i specially got this coffee
this morning it's the first hard found
copy of our book that's coming out in
September we're using the recipe that's
in this book today it's speedy and mini
mailers you can talk over anything you
want except for my foot book commercial
please
okay what winterside was doing we're
asking people to send in their recipes a
meat luck you know you have an
overbearing mom in the house
collar on the end mix up your meatloaf
let's see how she stacks up and gets my
one cup of breadcrumbs he'll not
overbearing
that's too many break when you write
your new cookbook with your meatloaf
recipe in it
you put half a cup I'm going to put
three eggs in this to do three eggs
lightly beat how much make love to you
since I mean amber my that's my son oh
you can do this garlic we're going to
put in a little garlic a little bit of
salt put some time and we're taking time
to put some time it is cup of my garden
okay mom three step up am at one point
of this and really the thing with the
book that we're doing this time is the
past simple recipes that your whole
family will enjoy
this would be a nice little lunch box
item Jamie so Jamie has all these young
come in the muffin tins every Christmas
I love this idea it's about 20 minutes
at your house it's about 10 minutes and
mom's oven she's using a convection oven
and you go straight up what temperature
um it's about 350 ever you know what you
know it's funny everything in the world
is on 350 for about 33
y'all know if you've never considered
putting commercial equipment in your
kitchen and you're going to remodel you
might want to think about it because
commercial equipment is C so we'll be
right back to the most boring cooking
show ever produced
Donal television but first let's take
care of our place where we go if you
want to know what it is about
I'm going to do about three tablespoons
of ketchup we just did this by the touch
little bit of Worcestershire mustard in
here that's almost kind of what I did
Amanda
so that's it we're gonna we're gonna let
this ride for about 10 or 15 minutes
someone's gonna like it when it's got
about five minutes ten minutes left I'm
gonna put this glaze on top it's gonna
cook in there yeah
Jamie your meat loves already chose cook
quick what you think like maybe five
more minutes three more months so let's
move on Jamie water oh this would be a
good place to catch all of us
Jamie's silver doing something
the tournament was telling us that it's
time to put the glaze on am i doing this
to suit your son just gonna kind of
spread only on like a little frost it
come on I think the me let's are going
out on one of the dry up we're going to
knock these loose with a butter knife
but some pretty and almost look like
blue meatballs don't bite Jenny please
just look delicious son really really
likely in fear Bon Appetit
I'm really really proud of y'all's
people can't like you to give me a copy
ripping off you know only their copy at
Barton devil make sure you get them when
I'm late for you thanks for watching
y'all get cooking Oh Paula Deen calm we
ask you again
send in y'all's obvious your videos let
us see how you do your meal oh yeah mom
get your get your Smarties I'm at beer
and smart don't run in the kitchen with
you do what your mom see how much fun
you can have
you